bsdlib: version 0.8.1 (#302)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: bsdlib/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

bsdlib 0.8.1
************

> * Fixed compability issue with SES.
> * Fixed issue with a strcmp in the PDN socket that would
>   in cases compare to long strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a compability issue with SES.
* Fixed an issue with a strcmp in the PDN socket that might compare to long strings in some cases.
```
